hello you do this as electronics man
with che in this video is going to be
about surface pro 3 she tell us about
the time well the pen is very nice they
upgraded it now it's like a metal
feeling instead of a plastic feeling or
the pro two um if if you take the breast
pain hold on you can start drawing so
domaining they compared the old pen as a
pencil then this one is more than 10 10
and shake you tell us why what things
and this budgetary year as an eraser
erase your that's very nice and what's
that button above it to show us what
they did do dinner options so can you
try to draw with the different paint
brush so
so NASA you you press that right all
right don't wanna know no with two taps
of the purple button on placed on the
top of the pan and Isaiah when I right
stand either um and Shay can you tell us
about the keyboard talks a little bit
well the Chi boards not much of it the
12 and the screen and this is in the
mood to a patent on the felt material on
a keyboard material that feels good
there's also that loot thing no magnetic
thing which gives you a better typing
experience so just start typing with any
shots like me what about oh and if you
double oh yes hola
she show us and Mike yourself to work
I'm just type just just tighten in a
school report to miss blank do you see
that autocorrect I was very nicely
tucked in to asses for school and
autocrat so in this new keyboard the
buttons are spotted out a little farther
because it has to match is 12 inch very
clear nice display
so and then just exit out of this and
show us show you them number one no
trick but hey look so if he goes to draw
which is the third which is done hmm
that's funny is this one note go to one
note C show Swearengen so I pack up and
shows the screen ago hey see this is a
screen of this top of your abs one not
right there there you go now start so he
starts writing something um you can just
erase all that
so if he writes EA it goes to draw and
you can do into text somewhere you're
looking for yeah it's on the corner
right here it's like they're into text
on this show us just right Shay and I've
i inked up into text yes into tax and it
said dl shaker that's what he said and
now do a math question 2 302 310 just a
simple math question into math no II to
math 300-plus time no shade to 300 + 10
+ as being away and then type into math
now write the equation there 300 + 10 in
there in the words of the right hit
their say 300 just type in 300 no don't
type it drawn 300 or the yellow is plus
10 looks like a 900 so it's going to do
900 but as you can tell because it sort
of looks like a 9 but so it's 900 plus
town and when you did a five on X so
that is it and see you next time